README.md, before:

# AndroidProject

Android Exam Project



We plan to build a crypto application where you can track the latest news, simulate your portfolio holdings and see the latest crypto prices and updates. 
The news tab will display article headlines that will link to the full article - for those who wish to learn more about a specific headline. 
User can see his total crypto portfolio net worth in the portfolio holdings tab, and he can add crypto holdings - select a cryptocurrency from the
list and enter the amount. Last but not least, each cryptocurrency's price can be seen in real-time.

# User stories:

- [ ] As a user I want to be able to check the latest crypto prices.
- [ ] As a user I want to be able to read the latest crypto news.
- [ ] As a user I want to be able to see my portfolio.
- [ ] As a user I want to be able to add assets to my portfolio.
- [ ] As a user I want to be able to register myself.
- [ ] As a user I want to be able to login.
- [ ] As a user I want to be able to remove assets from my portfolio.
- [ ] As a user I am interested only on top 10 cryptos in the market.


# Non-Functional requirements:

- [ ] As a user I want to have an easy way to navigate through the app.
- [ ] As a user I want to be able to change the theme on my app.

Commit message:

add settings functions and update README.md with users who did what user stories + add extra user stories

README.md, after:

# AndroidProject

Android Exam Project



We plan to build a crypto application where you can track the latest news, simulate your portfolio holdings and see the latest crypto prices and updates. 
The news tab will display article headlines that will link to the full article - for those who wish to learn more about a specific headline. 
User can see his total crypto portfolio net worth in the portfolio holdings tab, and he can add crypto holdings - select a cryptocurrency from the
list and enter the amount. Last but not least, each cryptocurrency's price can be seen in real-time.

# User stories:

- [ ] As a user I want to be able to check the latest crypto prices. -> Martynas Vyčas
- [ ] As a user I want to be able to read the latest crypto news. -> Emil
- [x] As a user I want to be able to see my portfolio. -> Adrian-Cristian Militaru
- [x] As a user I want to be able to add assets to my portfolio. -> Adrian-Cristian Militaru
- [x] As a user I want to be able to register myself. -> Adrian-Cristian Militaru / Martynas Vyčas
- [x] As a user I want to be able to login. -> Adrian-Cristian Militaru / Martynas Vyčas
- [x] As a user I want to be able to remove assets from my portfolio. -> Adrian-Cristian Militaru
- [ ] As a user I am interested only on top 10 cryptos in the market. -> Martynas Vyčas

# User stories (extra):

- [x] As a user I want to be able to see history of transactions in my portfolio. -> Adrian-Cristian Militaru
- [x] As a user I want to be able to see the amount of crypto I own in my portfolio as a graph. -> Adrian-Cristian Militaru


# Non-Functional requirements:

- [ ] As a user I want to have an easy way to navigate through the app.
- [x] As a user I want to be able to change the theme on my app.  -> Adrian-Crisitan Militaru
